Colors for body text-
body text color will be black with a -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;

Colors for header text-
navigation bar background-color: #333;
navigation text color: white;
heading 1 color: black;

Colors for link text-
link color will be white
link color when hover will be background-color: #111;
                                         color: lightgreen;

Colors for background-
body background-color: #F7F7F7;
HTML skills background-color: tomato;
skills li:nth-child(odd) background: teal;

Color for form -
reset button background-color: red;
submit button background-color: green;

http://www.metalearn.net/about

I like how the navigation bar is a dark charcol color and how the current page color of the navigation bar 
is color red. This clearly shows on what page I am currently viewing. I like how the pages main image in the about
me page is split down the middle. Half of the image is a description about him and the other half is an image of himself. 
One of the reasons I like this is because as you are read his introduction about him you can associate the image of what he looks like. 
What I don't like is the buttons right below the description about me. They are images which you can click on and when you 
hover over the image it changes to a light green color. I think that a better design would of been to have left this part out since 
they are already in the navigation bar. 

http://andrewhuang.com/

Eventhough the background colors are loud on this site. I think that they work great, except for the last section at the bottom. They yellow 
is too loud. Another thing that I like is how the navigation bat reappears as you scroll down the page. The page is very colorful, but yet simple. 
I think that the footer should be developed more. I don't like that the about me section is the thrid section on the page. Instead I would of put it 
right next to the image of him holding a pineapple. 

https://hayk.design/#/

This design has some good color coordination but seem really confusing and not intuitive at all. In the navigation bar there is two options that are
just letters: A and C. Furthermore, as I scrow down the page the navigation words or letters appear over text which is a little hard on my eyes when I am
reading the content. The footer needs further development I don't like that in the footer the about and contact links are at the opposite ends of the page, my cursor or mouse
has to travel a long way. 

ABOUT ME (HOME PAGE)

Hello I am Vladimir, an aspiring web designer. I was born in Nicaragua and I
have been living in San Francisco since I was five years old. I love to travel and I enjoy being out doors.
When I was in high school I enjoyed running and competing in cross-country and track and field. My personal 
best times were 1:58 for the 800 meters, 4:18 for the mile and 16:30 for 5000 meters. My sophomore year I qualified 
and competed at the Junior Olympics and my junior year of high school I won the San Francisco cross-country Championship. 

After high school I had to give up my dream of becoming a professional athlete because I needed to support myself.
So I decided to get training to develop the skills needed to work on engines. Since I was a kid I was always facinated about how engines work. 
After a couple of years of training I found myself working as a professional Diesel Technician who worked on several different types of systems
including hydralic, natural gas, propane, compression release engine brakes and much more. My specialty was working on Cummins Diesel Engines. 
My responsibilities where to diagnose and repair heavy duty engines that were in trucks, construction equipment, boats, and generators. 

After several years in the field I decided to hang up the wrenches and try something new again, so I went back to school
and started working towards a bachelor degree but got distracted with web technologies. So here I am trying to understand everything 
about the web. Currently I have experience in HTML, CSS and javaScript. I’m excited to bring my life experience to the process of building
fantastic looking websites. I am a life long learner who is always interested in expanding my skills with a great attitude.

CONTACT 

Interested in creating a website? Get in touch with me by filling out the form below. There are a lot of parts that go into 
developing a great site. To develop a great site planning with sitemaps and wireframes is the first step.
Know that I will go the extra mile in creating the best site for your needs. Take a look at the projects page to see examples of 
past projects that I have worked on. We can always create a custom tailored site for your specific needs. 

PROJECTS

Below are three examples of websites I have developed using HTML, CSS and javaScript. HTML gives structure to your page, CSS adds style 
to your page and javaScript will add interactivity so your audience can interact with your page. 