A little bit about me

Hello! My name is Vladimir and I live in San Francisco California. What if everyday was and adventure? If that question sparks any wonder of possibilities, well let one of those possibilities be travel. Travel is fun! It makes your life more rich and full of experiences. I enjoy doing it because I learn a lot about geography, politics, people, cultures, nature and food. Not only is learning part of the experience and adventure, but you also experience different flavors of food and get to have friends all over the world! You are exposed to all sorts of environments
and sometimes you will feel completely out of place, but don't worry its really fun! You feel alive, present and have that kid wonder in you. Aside from all, traveling around the world alone helps develope interdisciplinary skills. And to top it all off, traveling gives the opportunity and possibility of networking around the world!

Tips on Travel
Here are a few guidelines on how to travel safely and cheaply. The first thing to do is a lot of research. Research the country and region that you will visit. Consider the weather. Make sure you check the weather before you go. Don't show up packed with summer clothes and its snowing. It’s good to know how the weather is going to be. If you decide to travel extensively for months try to go to places with similar climates. I personally prefer warm and hot climates. It is also a good idea to travel light. Preferably a backpack that you can carry on the plane. I traveled around the world with a 5kg (approx. 11 lbs.) backpack. Another important thing to bring on your trip is a smartphone. Technology today makes traveling much easier. Make sure that your smartphone is unlocked or jailbroken otherwise it probably won't work in different parts of the world. Download the following apps and create accounts to have options while traveling! I suggest setting up your accounts in advance before leaving on the trip.

Helpful Travel Apps
            
   Oanda Currency Converter
                WhatsApp
                Skype
                Venmo
                Lyft
                Uber
                Agoda
                Booking
                Airbnb
                Hostelworld
                Couchsurfing
                TripAdvisor
                KAYAK
                Skyscanner
                Google Maps
                Email
All of these apps are going to help with research, communication, finance, accommodations and much more. One last tip are the following sites. These sites allow you to find work while you travel anywhere in the world! If you have the opportunity to travel and explore different countries around the world, take the opportunity you will not regret it.

Additional Tips and Other Online Resources

Another important thing to bring along is an international driving permit. Having it will allow driving different types of motor vehicles like cars, bikes and scooters. You can pick up an international driving permit at a AAA office. You will have to fill out an application and provide two passport photos. Passport photos can be taken at Walgreens. Take a look at the following article it is a great read that provides lots of good information about earning money while traveling. 40 Best Travel Jobs To Make Money Traveling The World.
Workaway opens the doors to lots of possibilities in the world! Another site worth checking out is WWOOF It is about living and learning about organic farming all over the world. helpx is another similar website similar to workaway and WWOOF. Lastly this article provides ways to travel the world cheap or in some cases free. 20 WAYS TO TRAVEL AROUND THE WORLD FOR CHEAP OR EVEN FREE In the end you will have created memories that will last a lifetime!
There are several reasons why I enjoy traveling. To begin you feel FREE!
